README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Senthil S</h1>
<h3 align="center">I come from a middle-class family and was born in southern part of tamilnadu , located in the Ramanathapuram District of Tamilnadu. Throughout my life, I have lived in various regions of Tamilnadu, and Maharashtra. I am the eldest and have one brother. My nuclear family resides in Chennai, while my parents live in my native.</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=senthil262006&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="senthil262006" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=senthil262006" alt="senthil262006" /></a> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [EMAAR IT behalf of Intertec Systems](https://www.intertecsystems.com/)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **  Data Science and Kubernetes**

- 📝 I regularly write articles on [@Senthil](@Senthil)
- :newspaper: I contribute back to the technical blogs via **[Medium Blogs](https://www.cloudnloud.com/](https://medium.com/me/stories/public))**.

- 📫 How to reach me **senthil262006@gmail.com**

### Blogs posts
# 1.Operating Systems
  ## RHEL 
  ### Training Notes
- [Day1 — Red Hat Certified System Administrator(RHCSA)](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/day1-red-hat-certified-system-administrator-rhca-e0563874ea45) 	
  ### Work notes
- [𝗦𝗲𝘁𝘂𝗽 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝗠𝗮𝗻𝗮𝗴𝗲 𝗟𝗼𝗴 𝗥𝗼𝘁𝗮𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻 𝗨𝘀𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗟𝗼𝗴𝗿𝗼𝘁𝗮𝘁𝗲 𝗶𝗻 𝗟𝗶𝗻𝘂𝘅 𝟳.𝗫/𝟴.𝗫](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/setup-and-manage-log-rotation-using-logrotate-in-linux-7-x-8-x-c214de05021e) 

# 2. Cloud 

   ## AWS 
   ### Training Notes
   ### Work notes
  
- [Simplifying Data Transfer: AWS Service Gateway for Attaching S3 Bucket and EC2 Instance](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/introduction-130e817038ee)	
- [Scalable Network Architecture in AWS Hub and Spoke using AWS Transit Gateway](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/introduction-5a3a2bad8567) 
	
    ## ORACLE Cloud 
    ### Training Notes
    ### Work notes
	
# 3 Configration Management 

    Ansible 
   
	Training Notes
	
	Work notes
	
# 4.  Containerization	
	
   Docker
   
	Training Notes
 
- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 1 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — Introduction](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/docker-step-by-step-1060901730ee) 	

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 2 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — 𝐈𝐧𝐬𝐭𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐕𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐟𝐲](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/-4064cd6132f0)

- [𝐃𝐚𝐲 3 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐢𝐧𝐞𝐫, 𝐈𝐦𝐚𝐠𝐞, 𝐇𝐮𝐛 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/-c766470f1107)

- [𝐃𝐚𝐲 4 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — Essential Docker Commands for Beginner ](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/day4-34fc48d1b4e8)

- [𝐃𝐚𝐲 5 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — Docker Networking: A Practical Guide](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/day5-2772c03e685b)

- [𝐃𝐚𝐲 6 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — Docker Volumes: A Step-by-Step Guide](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/day6-ba40601ba185)

- [𝐃𝐚𝐲 7 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — Dockerfile Guide: A Step-by-Step Guide](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/dockerfile-step-by-step-building-a-container-with-ubuntu-b74a9e60295b)

- [𝐃𝐚𝐲 8 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — Docker Compose: A Step-by-Step Guide](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/day-8-docker-step-by-step-001c9b3d6d96))
	
	Work notes

# 5. Kubernetes

       Training Notes
	   
   
       Work notes
   
# 6. Database
   ]
     Training Notes


     
- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 1 - 𝐒𝐐𝐋 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐢𝐜𝐬](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-86b4c39530f7) 	

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 2 - 𝐈𝐧𝐬𝐭𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐌𝐲𝐒𝐐𝐋, 𝐖𝐨𝐫𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 𝐒𝐐𝐋 𝐖𝐨𝐫𝐤𝐛𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐡 & 𝐂𝐨𝐦𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐋𝐢𝐧𝐞 𝐂𝐥𝐢𝐞𝐧𝐭](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-bdd23f7309c3)

- [𝐃𝐚𝐲 3 - 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐚𝐛𝐚𝐬𝐞 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐩𝐭𝐬 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-9adbbc8c62d0)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 5 - 𝐃𝐃𝐋 — 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐝𝐞𝐟𝐢𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-f743ae039f0)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 6 - 𝐃𝐌𝐋 — 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐌𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐩𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐋𝐚𝐧𝐠𝐮𝐚𝐠𝐞](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-df03d427a5a5)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 7 - 𝐃𝐑𝐋/𝐃𝐐𝐋 — 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐫𝐞𝐭𝐫𝐢𝐞𝐯𝐚𝐥/𝐪𝐮𝐞𝐫𝐲 𝐥𝐚𝐧𝐠𝐮𝐚𝐠𝐞](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-4dc246a07fe3)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 9 - 𝐏𝐚𝐭𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐧 𝐦𝐚𝐭𝐜𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐠(𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐝 𝐜𝐚𝐫𝐝 𝐜𝐡𝐚𝐫𝐚𝐜𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐬) ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/my-sql-8b8820013252)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 10 - 𝐅𝐮𝐧𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/my-sql-functions-day-10-a50c89b0c512)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 11 - 𝐠𝐫𝐨𝐮𝐩 𝐁𝐲, 𝐇𝐚𝐯𝐢𝐧𝐠, 𝐎𝐫𝐝𝐞𝐫 𝐛𝐲 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-6034581985c0)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 12 - 𝐈𝐧𝐭𝐞𝐠𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐲 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐢𝐧𝐭𝐬 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/my-sql-90072a446c92)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 13 - 𝐒𝐄𝐓 𝐨𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐬 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-234dc7d78959)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 14 - 𝐉𝐨𝐢𝐧𝐬 𝐨𝐧 𝐌𝐲𝐒𝐐𝐋 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-19a932b7f6b4)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 15 - Views 𝐨𝐧 𝐌𝐲𝐒𝐐𝐋 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-290d2e2944bc)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 16 - Index 𝐨𝐧 𝐌𝐲𝐒𝐐𝐋 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-431a729d9c38)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 17 - CTE(common Table expression) 𝐨𝐧 𝐌𝐲𝐒𝐐𝐋 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-5178302d7f49)
  
      Work notes
   
# 7. Programing longuages  

  Python

    Training Notes

    Work notes

     
     - [Python notes](https://github.com/senthil262006/Python_basics/blob/master/Python%20Notes.html)
   


<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/www.linkedin.com/in/senthilcloud" target="blank">

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/www.linkedin.com/in/senthilcloud" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="www.linkedin.com/in/senthilcloud" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@senthil262006" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/medium.svg" alt="@senthil262006" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.jenkins.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jenkins/jenkins-icon.svg" alt="jenkins" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://kubernetes.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/kubernetes/kubernetes-icon.svg" alt="kubernetes" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.oracle.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/oracle/oracle-original.svg" alt="oracle" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/ruby/ruby-original.svg" alt="ruby" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=senthil262006&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="senthil262006" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=senthil262006&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="senthil262006" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=senthil262006&" alt="senthil262006" /></p>

Commit message:

Update README with Kubernetes training notes
Added training notes and links for Kubernetes topics.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Senthil S</h1>
<h3 align="center">I come from a middle-class family and was born in southern part of tamilnadu , located in the Ramanathapuram District of Tamilnadu. Throughout my life, I have lived in various regions of Tamilnadu, and Maharashtra. I am the eldest and have one brother. My nuclear family resides in Chennai, while my parents live in my native.</h3>

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=senthil262006&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="senthil262006" /> </p>

<p align="left"> <a href="https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy"><img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=senthil262006" alt="senthil262006" /></a> </p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on [EMAAR IT behalf of Intertec Systems](https://www.intertecsystems.com/)

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **  Data Science and Kubernetes**

- 📝 I regularly write articles on [@Senthil](@Senthil)
- :newspaper: I contribute back to the technical blogs via **[Medium Blogs](https://www.cloudnloud.com/](https://medium.com/me/stories/public))**.

- 📫 How to reach me **senthil262006@gmail.com**

### Blogs posts
# 1.Operating Systems
  ## RHEL 
  ### Training Notes
- [Day1 — Red Hat Certified System Administrator(RHCSA)](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/day1-red-hat-certified-system-administrator-rhca-e0563874ea45) 	
  ### Work notes
- [𝗦𝗲𝘁𝘂𝗽 𝗮𝗻𝗱 𝗠𝗮𝗻𝗮𝗴𝗲 𝗟𝗼𝗴 𝗥𝗼𝘁𝗮𝘁𝗶𝗼𝗻 𝗨𝘀𝗶𝗻𝗴 𝗟𝗼𝗴𝗿𝗼𝘁𝗮𝘁𝗲 𝗶𝗻 𝗟𝗶𝗻𝘂𝘅 𝟳.𝗫/𝟴.𝗫](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/setup-and-manage-log-rotation-using-logrotate-in-linux-7-x-8-x-c214de05021e) 

# 2. Cloud 

   ## AWS 
   ### Training Notes
   ### Work notes
  
- [Simplifying Data Transfer: AWS Service Gateway for Attaching S3 Bucket and EC2 Instance](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/introduction-130e817038ee)	
- [Scalable Network Architecture in AWS Hub and Spoke using AWS Transit Gateway](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/introduction-5a3a2bad8567) 
	
    ## ORACLE Cloud 
    ### Training Notes
    ### Work notes
	
# 3 Configration Management 

    Ansible 
   
	Training Notes
	
	Work notes
	
# 4.  Containerization	
	
   Docker
   
	Training Notes
 
- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 1 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — Introduction](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/docker-step-by-step-1060901730ee) 	

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 2 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — 𝐈𝐧𝐬𝐭𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐕𝐞𝐫𝐢𝐟𝐲](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/-4064cd6132f0)

- [𝐃𝐚𝐲 3 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐭𝐚𝐢𝐧𝐞𝐫, 𝐈𝐦𝐚𝐠𝐞, 𝐇𝐮𝐛 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/-c766470f1107)

- [𝐃𝐚𝐲 4 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — Essential Docker Commands for Beginner ](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/day4-34fc48d1b4e8)

- [𝐃𝐚𝐲 5 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — Docker Networking: A Practical Guide](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/day5-2772c03e685b)

- [𝐃𝐚𝐲 6 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — Docker Volumes: A Step-by-Step Guide](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/day6-ba40601ba185)

- [𝐃𝐚𝐲 7 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — Dockerfile Guide: A Step-by-Step Guide](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/dockerfile-step-by-step-building-a-container-with-ubuntu-b74a9e60295b)

- [𝐃𝐚𝐲 8 - 𝐃𝐎𝐂𝐊𝐄𝐑 — Docker Compose: A Step-by-Step Guide](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/day-8-docker-step-by-step-001c9b3d6d96))
	
	Work notes

# 5. Kubernetes

       - [𝑫𝒂𝒚 1 - Kubernetes — Introduction to Kubernetes — From Docker to the Cloud-Native Giant](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/introduction-to-kubernetes-from-docker-to-the-cloud-native-giant-0905e3b59d08)
 
- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 2 - Kubernetes — Understanding Kubernetes Architecture ](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/day-2-understanding-kubernetes-architecture-f7609666e87b) 

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 3 - Kubernetes — How to Install Kubernetes on RHEL: A Step-by-Step Guide for 2025 ](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/how-to-install-kubernetes-on-rhel-a-step-by-step-guide-for-2025-b2c8bd4f61e4)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 4 - Kubernetes — Cluster Operations & pods namespaces and Operation ](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/kubernetes-learning-series-day-4-cluster-operations-pods-namespaces-and-operation-2a35d210e232 )

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 5 - Kubernetes — Kubernetes Pod Restart Policies, pod error states ](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/learning-series-day-5-kubernetes-pod-restart-policies-pod-error-states-07fe721d14e6 )

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 6 - Kubernetes — Replica, ReplicaSet & Deployment ](https://medium.com/@senthil262006/kubernetes-learning-series-day-6-replica-replicaset-deployment-210c26946f8c )Training Notes
	   
   
       Work notes
   
# 6. Database
   ]
     Training Notes


     
- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 1 - 𝐒𝐐𝐋 𝐁𝐚𝐬𝐢𝐜𝐬](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-86b4c39530f7) 	

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 2 - 𝐈𝐧𝐬𝐭𝐚𝐥𝐥𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐌𝐲𝐒𝐐𝐋, 𝐖𝐨𝐫𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 𝐒𝐐𝐋 𝐖𝐨𝐫𝐤𝐛𝐞𝐧𝐜𝐡 & 𝐂𝐨𝐦𝐦𝐚𝐧𝐝 𝐋𝐢𝐧𝐞 𝐂𝐥𝐢𝐞𝐧𝐭](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-bdd23f7309c3)

- [𝐃𝐚𝐲 3 - 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐚𝐛𝐚𝐬𝐞 𝐜𝐨𝐧𝐜𝐞𝐩𝐭𝐬 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-9adbbc8c62d0)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 5 - 𝐃𝐃𝐋 — 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐝𝐞𝐟𝐢𝐧𝐢𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-f743ae039f0)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 6 - 𝐃𝐌𝐋 — 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐌𝐚𝐧𝐢𝐩𝐮𝐥𝐚𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧 𝐋𝐚𝐧𝐠𝐮𝐚𝐠𝐞](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-df03d427a5a5)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 7 - 𝐃𝐑𝐋/𝐃𝐐𝐋 — 𝐃𝐚𝐭𝐚 𝐫𝐞𝐭𝐫𝐢𝐞𝐯𝐚𝐥/𝐪𝐮𝐞𝐫𝐲 𝐥𝐚𝐧𝐠𝐮𝐚𝐠𝐞](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-4dc246a07fe3)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 9 - 𝐏𝐚𝐭𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐧 𝐦𝐚𝐭𝐜𝐡𝐢𝐧𝐠(𝐰𝐢𝐥𝐝 𝐜𝐚𝐫𝐝 𝐜𝐡𝐚𝐫𝐚𝐜𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐬) ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/my-sql-8b8820013252)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 10 - 𝐅𝐮𝐧𝐜𝐭𝐢𝐨𝐧𝐬 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/my-sql-functions-day-10-a50c89b0c512)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 11 - 𝐠𝐫𝐨𝐮𝐩 𝐁𝐲, 𝐇𝐚𝐯𝐢𝐧𝐠, 𝐎𝐫𝐝𝐞𝐫 𝐛𝐲 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-6034581985c0)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 12 - 𝐈𝐧𝐭𝐞𝐠𝐫𝐢𝐭𝐲 𝐂𝐨𝐧𝐬𝐭𝐫𝐚𝐢𝐧𝐭𝐬 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/my-sql-90072a446c92)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 13 - 𝐒𝐄𝐓 𝐨𝐩𝐞𝐫𝐚𝐭𝐨𝐫𝐬 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-234dc7d78959)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 14 - 𝐉𝐨𝐢𝐧𝐬 𝐨𝐧 𝐌𝐲𝐒𝐐𝐋 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-19a932b7f6b4)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 15 - Views 𝐨𝐧 𝐌𝐲𝐒𝐐𝐋 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-290d2e2944bc)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 16 - Index 𝐨𝐧 𝐌𝐲𝐒𝐐𝐋 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-431a729d9c38)

- [𝑫𝒂𝒚 17 - CTE(common Table expression) 𝐨𝐧 𝐌𝐲𝐒𝐐𝐋 ](https://medium.com/cloudnloud/mysql-5178302d7f49)
  
      Work notes
   
# 7. Programing longuages  

  Python

    Training Notes

    Work notes

     
     - [Python notes](https://github.com/senthil262006/Python_basics/blob/master/Python%20Notes.html)
   


<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/www.linkedin.com/in/senthilcloud" target="blank">

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
<a href="https://linkedin.com/in/www.linkedin.com/in/senthilcloud" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="www.linkedin.com/in/senthilcloud" height="30" width="40" /></a>
<a href="https://medium.com/@senthil262006" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/medium.svg" alt="@senthil262006" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/gnu_bash/gnu_bash-icon.svg" alt="bash" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/cpp/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.docker.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" alt="docker" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.jenkins.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/jenkins/jenkins-icon.svg" alt="jenkins" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://kubernetes.io" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/kubernetes/kubernetes-icon.svg" alt="kubernetes" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.mysql.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.oracle.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/oracle/oracle-original.svg" alt="oracle" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.postgresql.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/postgresql/postgresql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://postman.com" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg" alt="postman" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/ruby/ruby-original.svg" alt="ruby" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=senthil262006&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="senthil262006" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=senthil262006&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="senthil262006" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=senthil262006&" alt="senthil262006" /></p>
